Release Plan - CMPS 115 – Software Methodology
Supreme Committee – Release 10/18/13 – Text Adventure Alpha – Revision 1 10/3/13
High level goals: 
1)	One basic playable map. Essentially the ability to start a game, move around, and perform basic interactions with the world. 
2)	Goal one implicitly includes creating a working parser, game class, and input file format.
3)	Design how our GUI will look and decide exactly what framework/tools to use to build it. A working one is not necessary at this stage but would make demonstration easier/prettier if time allows.
4)	Testing all of the above to make sure we can continue building on it
5)	Creating a title, logo, and website.

Sprint 1

High Level Goals
-One basic playable map. Essentially the ability to start a game, move around, and perform basic interactions with the world. 
-Design how our GUI will look and decide exactly what framework/tools to use to build it. A working one is not necessary at this stage but would make demonstration easier/prettier if time allows.

(5) As both a player and a game designer, I want a standard input file format so that I can easily create maps/levels quickly.

(21) As a game designer, I want a parser so that I can load and test different maps.

(8) As a developer, a game class allows us to do basic game logic and connect the other components.

(3) As a video game player, I want a GUI so that I can visualize what is happening and interact with the game more easily.

(1) As a game player, I want a title and logo so that I can easily recognize the game, have brand loyalty, and have a name I can use to recommend it to everyone I know.

Sprint 2

High Level Goals
-Add a manual and documentation for the engine.
-Finalize the look and functionality of the GUI.
-Create a fully functioning sample game.

(5) As both a developer and player I want an extensive manual/documentation to troubleshoot issues, allow for modification, and have a basic introduction on how to play the game. 

(8) As a game developer, I want to extend the features/actions supported by our variables in order to allow for greater customization.

(3) As a game player I want to be able to save my games so that I can come back to it at any time.

(8) As a game player, I want a polished GUI that makes interaction with the game intuitive and easy. 

(3) As a product owner, I want a sample game so I can demonstrate the product.

Sprint 3

High Level Goals
-Extensively test the product.
-Add graphical polish(background art, extended GUI, and music).
-Implement a game creation tool to assist content creators 

(13) As a developer I want extensive testing for my game in order to eliminate bugs and get suggestions/feedback on what needs improvement.

(5) As a game player, I want pretty images for icons, buttons, maps, etc so that I enjoy the visual appearance of the game while I play.

(1) As a game player, I want my game to have background music so that I am immersed in the game world and affected by the game emotionally.

(21) As a game player and game developer, I want the playable character in my game to have an inventory of items which can be used to interact with the world.

(21) As a game developer, I want a map creation tool that simplifies the map creation process, ideally by adding a GUI which automatically creates the map files.

Product backlog: 

We expect that several of our sprint 3 goals will end up going into the backlog by the next couple sprint plans. The map creation tool in particular is almost an entirely new project in terms of work. However our group decided we should aim high and leave them in sprint 3 in the hope that we stay ahead of schedule the whole quarter.
